Hi.
I'm Mo.
I'm Grace Murphy.
You're new intern.
What a pleasure, Miss Murphy.
We're delighted to have you.
Hi.
I'm Selena Collins.
Also your new intern.
Nice car.
Peasant.
Miss Collins.
If you're going to work here, you should very well know that this is a premier designer
company.
If you're driving that thing onto our property, you are not only embarrassing us, but also
yourself.
Too bad not everyone could afford a beamer.
Grace, we've heard all about you and your billionaire father, George Murphy.
George Murphy.
Do you think my father is George Murphy?
Yes, I knew changing my last name to Murphy would finally pay off.
Oh, guilty is charged.
That's me, George Murphy's daughter.
How did you know?
I was really hoping to keep my identity a secret.
But honestly, just want to be treated like one of the girls.
I can't tell you what an honor it is to have you in our department.
Girls, I want you to learn from Miss Murphy.
Miss Murphy, your billionaire energy.
I can spiel it.
I can't say it's better by you Miss Murphy.
I'm so tired.
Wait, she thinks she's me.
She thinks she's George Murphy's daughter.
Oh, this is going to be fun.
What are you laughing at?
This way Miss Murphy.